it turns out that when the controversy
between Mr. doctor and Marifer Centeno broke out because
Marifer Centeno has ended up denouncing
Mr. doctor Mr. doctor Octavio contacted
Mauricio and sent him a message It was a
message that said Mauricio I hope
you are objective or that you treat this issue with
neutrality I hope you behave well
with me when dealing with this issue because you know
what I have here Mauricio I have a
message from the mother of your daughter Ale
dolores in which she asks me to come to my
channel and do a podcast with me
exposing herself think carefully about how you treat
the issue at the time I did not accept the
proposal But maybe now I will bring her
to my channel and we will talk about you Maur
tells Marifer Marifer tells I do
n't know if to her lawyer or her lawyer or
whoever okay And well let's see, there are
people who are interpreting it in the
chat as threats